Christiano of no you're gonna country
judge I understand that but I mean do
you read your docket cuz like this is I
mean you might want to look for a few
pages cuz this is about
he killed my dog you know I just and I
you know went from there if you store
something his property sure what are you
talking about here's what happened
alright it was like this I had a dog he
got off his leash he killed my dog and
like I say it went from there you know I
don't storage and all this stuff with
the foods and the restaurants no it's I
don't know where I don't know where
you're getting this Your Honor I'd
frankly I mean with all due respect I
don't know where this is coming from
really no I'm really taken aback by all
this Your Honor I I went to the police
station and I filed a report about this
whole incident and I talked to officer
just wing ward and he he wasn't much
help because they said they were just
gonna dismiss the whole the case and and
they didn't want to deal with it but I
have a report right here that says I was
assaulted and but that they wouldn't
handle it so but I did I disapprove that
I did go to the police with it anybody
can file a complaint know that that's
not what happened he said yeah he called
me and said he's gonna send his garin's
to kill me or something
like he didn't already try it but if I
pick him to small claims court I don't
think anybody would break your leg throw
your uniform to do that for me if you
know
I'm trying to understand if why would
somebody that's making money's in a
restaurant offer to take the food back
because if you're offering to do that
wouldn't you also have to say no good
piece of prime rib or good piece of New
York and somebody comes over said this
doesn't taste very good doesn't now says
man are you crazy this tastes great I'm
not gonna have somebody tell me my food
doesn't taste good if you don't taste
good okay so you're saying for the
amount of the medical expenses press
your loss works yeah my hospital bill
here and it's right here and I also I
missed 18 weeks of work and and and what
do you make well I missed 18 weeks and I
filled that out at 425 an hour it comes
to roughly roughly what was the figure
$14,000 now I'm satisfied from the
evidence in mr. GEHA you've been very
honest and I appreciate that assuming
that this is the area of impact it seems
to me that these skid marks coupled with
the testimony of mrs. Felicio suggests
to me that your car was going in excess
of 30 miles an hour if it's a fact that
your negligence called injured him if
it's a fact that his negligence called
injury to you and if it's a fact that I
cannot decide from this evidence who was
the most negligent then I can't award
judgment either one of you I'm an award
you sir $1,500 which is half and that's
the best I can do I'm not sure the
answer but it seems to me like you have
a good faith position I also believe you
have a good faith position sir judging
from the plane at $59 in this
complicated matter the judge Awards the
plaintiff half of his money
$1,500
unfortunately the judge says both
litigant guarded lane no one wins here
this case is dismissed when we come back
we'll take a look at what's coming up on
the next judge Mills Lane closed
captioning for the judge Mills Lane show
is brought to you by
that's thirsty yeah yeah man I'm real
thirsty get some laughs yeah what do you
have all right we got we got mustard we
got strawberry jelly we got Bulgarian
cultured buttermilk sour for the real
athlete in you